.TH picloud 1 "Oct 16, 2012" "2.6.0" "PiCloud"

.
.SH NAME
picloud -- PiCloud Command-Line Interface
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
picloud [options] {setup,exec,mapexec,status,result,bucket,volume,realtime}
.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-h
show this help message and exit
.TP
--version
Print version
.TP
-v
Increase amount of information you are given during command execution
.TP
-o {json,no-header}
Format of output
.TP
-a _API_KEY
API key to use
.TP
-k _API_SECRET_KEY
 API secret key that matches the API key
.
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
For complete documentation, see: http://docs.picloud.com/
.P
picloud has the following modules to facilitate interacting with PiCloud:
.SS setup
This module is used to setup your client computer to use the cloud. Optional Arguments:
.P
--help,-h: show this help message and exit

--email EMAIL, -e EMAIL:    Email used to login to your PiCloud account

--password PASSWORD, -p PASSWORD : Password used to login to your PiCloud account

--api-key [API_KEY], -a [API_KEY]: API Key to use. If specified without a value, a new API Key will be created without prompting

.SS exec
Execute shell command on PiCloud. See http://docs.picloud.com/primer.html#creating-a-job-from-the-shell

.SS mapexec
Execute parallel commands on PiCloud. See http://docs.picloud.com/primer.html#mapping

.SS status
Obtain status of job.

.SS result
Obtain result of job. 
 

.SS bucket
This module is used for managing objects stored in PiCloud's key-value store. All objects are referenced by a "key".
See http://docs.picloud.com/storage.html 
.P
Optional Arguments:

--help,-h            show this help message and exit

Commands:  {sync-to-cloud,get,sync-from-cloud,list,put,get-md5,delete}

   delete              Delete an object stored on PiCloud
   get                 Retrieve an object from PiCloud
   get-md5             Get the md5 checksum of an object stored on PiCloud
   list                List keys stored in your bucket
   put                 Store an object on PiCloud
   sync-from-cloud     Download object if it does not exist locally or 
                       has changed
   sync-to-cloud       Upload object only if it does not exist on PiCloud 
	                  or has changed
.SS volume
This module is used for managing volumes stored on PiCloud. See http://docs.picloud.com/storage.html
.P
Optional Arguments:
--help, -h            show this help message and exit

Commands: {create,list,sync,ls,rm,delete}

   list                List existing volumes
   create              Create a volume on PiCloud
   sync                Sync local directory to volume on PiCloud
   delete              Delete a cloud volume
   ls                  List the contents of a cloud volume [path]
   rm                  Remove contents from a cloud volume
   
.SS realtime
This module is used for managing realtime cores on PiCloud. See http://docs.picloud.com/realtime_cores.html
.P
Optional arguments:
 --help, -h            show this help message and exit

Commands:  {release,request,list} 

   list                List realtime reservations
   release             Release realtime cores
   request             Request realtime cores
.
.
.SH EXAMPLES 
.P
List files on PiCloud's storage  :   picloud files list

List existing volumes            :   picloud volume list

List realtime reservations       :   picloud realtime list
.
.
.SH LICENSE
All files within the PiCloud cloud client package distribution are subject to the 
GNU Lesser General Public License v 2.1 or other open source licenses. 
Refer to the LICENSE file of the source distribution for the details.

.SH AUTHOR

The PiCloud cloud client package was developed by the PiCloud team (http://www.picloud.com).
This manual page was written by Amit Saha (amitksaha@fedoraproject.org).

.SH SEE ALSO
PiCloud Documentation: http://docs.picloud.com/

